README.md, before:

# Zest.ai Web Development Deliverable #

## Set Up ##

Disclaimer: creating a virtual environment is not strictly necessary, but I included it here as a good practice. If you create a virtual machine, it won't affect the rest of your system modules and dependencies. 

```
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
```

Then once you are in the virtual environment (you should see venv prepending all your commands in terminal), enter the following commands:

```
pip install flask python-dotenv
pip install -U flask-cors
```

Then, create your .env file:

```
touch .env
```

Open the .env file with your favorite editor and add the following configurations:

```
FLASK_APP=app.py
FLASK_ENV=development
```

## Execution ##

In order to run the web server, you will need two open terminals, one to run the react app and one to run the flask server. The React app is the main app that you interact with as a user, and it makes calls to the Flask server in the backend using the useEffect hook. 

From the root directory, enter the following command:

```flask run```

From react-frontend-app, enter the following command:

```npm start```

Commit message:

Updated README.md to include docker-compose commands. Other minor clean up

README.md, after:

# Zest.ai Web Development Deliverable #

To run both the front-end React app and the Python flask server, execute the following command:

`docker-compose up`

To shut down the applications:

`docker-compose down`

More information on how to use docker commands can be found on the Docker website: https://docs.docker.com/compose/reference/overview/ 

Note: this containerization is configured for development only. We still need to write some build files for the production build.

## (Deprecated) Set Up: no longer required with Docker containerization ##

Disclaimer: creating a virtual environment is not strictly necessary, but I included it here as a good practice. If you create a virtual machine, it won't affect the rest of your system modules and dependencies. 

```
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
```

Then once you are in the virtual environment (you should see venv prepending all your commands in terminal), enter the following commands:

```
pip install flask python-dotenv
pip install -U flask-cors
```

Then, create your .env file:

```
touch .env
```

Open the .env file with your favorite editor and add the following configurations:

```
FLASK_APP=app.py
FLASK_ENV=development
```

## Execution ##

In order to run the web server, you will need two open terminals, one to run the react app and one to run the flask server. The React app is the main app that you interact with as a user, and it makes calls to the Flask server in the backend using the useEffect hook. 

From the root directory, enter the following command:

```flask run```

From react-frontend-app, enter the following command:

```npm start```
